# Modeling the ego/morph distinction in GURPS

## Switching Morphs

Each morph is represented as a template. When your character switches
morphs, replace the existing morph template (if any) with the new
template. You may want to structure your character sheet so that if it
is easy to slot in new numbers.

## Prohibited Ego (Dis-)Advantages

An ego cannot have any (dis-)advantages that interact with the
external world, since all of these are determined by the bioware or
hardware installed in your morph. These include any sense modifying
advantages (Acute/Dull/Discriminatory/Scanning senses), physical
attacks (Innate Attack, Claws, Strikers, etc), appearance, movement
abilities, etc.

However, this is not the same as only mental abilities. Egos can have
ST/DX/HT increases (representing more efficient or skillful
manipulation of the morphs capabilities), with ST/HT limit to +/-1 (or
maybe 2 in exceptional circumstances) because there is only so far you
can stretch the abilities of a morph. You might even justify some
advantages like Recovery.

# Advantage Shorthands

Here are some common advantages that morphs have:

* __Access Jack__: Telecommunication(Cable Jack, Sensie +80%) [9]
* __Mesh Insert__: Telecommunication(Radio, Video +40%) [14]

# Synthmorphs

## Case [57]

__Attribute Modifiers__: ST -1 [-10]; HT -1 [-10]

__Advantages__: Machine [25]; AI [32]; Sculpted Body (see UT28) [0];
Access Jack [9]; Mesh Inserts [14]; DR 4 (Cannot wear armor -40%)
[12]; Scanning Sense (LADAR) [20]

__Disadvantages__: Maintenance (Electronics Repair and Mechanic, 2
people, Monthly) [4]; Electrical [-20]; Restricted Diet (Very Common,
power cells) [-10]

# Pod Biomorphs

## Security Pod [179]

__Attribute Modifiers__: ST +2 [20]; DX +1 [20]; HT +1 [10]

__Advantages__: AI [32]; Claws (Sharp, Switchable +10%) [6]; Access
Jack [9]; Mesh Insert [14]; DR 3 (Flexible) [12]; Discriminatory Smell
[15]; Discriminatory Hearing (Emotion Sense, +50%) [23]; Hyperspectral
Vision [25]; Parabolic Hearing 2 [8]; Telescopic Vision 1 [5]

__Disadvantages__: Electrical [-20]
